README.rst, before:

[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/ploneintranet/ploneintranet.suite.png)](https://travis-ci.org/ploneintranet/ploneintranet.suite)

ploneintranet.suite
====================

Pre-integrated Intranet suite for Plone

This is the integration package for the Plone Intranet suite. It is a work in progress package that currently contains:

 * Dependencies on individual ploneintranet packages
 * User story testing

For more information, please look at the documentation in docs/.

Copyright (c) Plone Foundation
------------------------------

This package is Copyright (c) Plone Foundation.

Any contribution to this package implies consent and intent to irrevocably transfer all 
copyrights on the code you contribute, to the `Plone Foundation`_, 
under the condition that the code remains under a `OSI-approved license`_.

To contribute, you need to have signed a Plone Foundation `contributor agreement`_.
If you're `listed on Github`_ as a member of the Plone organization, you already signed.

.. _Plone Foundation: https://plone.org/foundation
.. _OSI-approved license: http://opensource.org/licenses
.. _contributor agreement: https://plone.org/foundation/contributors-agreement
.. _listed on Github: https://github.com/orgs/plone/people

Commit message:

Link to docs.ploneintranet.org

README.rst, after:

[![Build Status](https://api.travis-ci.org/ploneintranet/ploneintranet.suite.png)](https://travis-ci.org/ploneintranet/ploneintranet.suite)

ploneintranet.suite
====================

Pre-integrated Intranet suite for Plone

This is the integration package for the Plone Intranet suite. It is a work in progress package that currently contains:

 * Dependencies on individual ploneintranet packages
 * User story testing

For more information, please look at the documentation on docs.ploneintranet.org_.

Copyright (c) Plone Foundation
------------------------------

This package is Copyright (c) Plone Foundation.

Any contribution to this package implies consent and intent to irrevocably transfer all 
copyrights on the code you contribute, to the `Plone Foundation`_, 
under the condition that the code remains under a `OSI-approved license`_.

To contribute, you need to have signed a Plone Foundation `contributor agreement`_.
If you're `listed on Github`_ as a member of the Plone organization, you already signed.

.. _Plone Foundation: https://plone.org/foundation
.. _OSI-approved license: http://opensource.org/licenses
.. _contributor agreement: https://plone.org/foundation/contributors-agreement
.. _listed on Github: https://github.com/orgs/plone/people
.. _docs.ploneintranet.org: http://docs.ploneintranet.org
